thanks for coming out I'm Jeff Hoffman
I'm the director of the AWS Elastic
Beanstalk team with me as other arcing
he's a senior product manager also with
Beanstalk and we're here to talk to you
today about scaling web applications
with us Elastic Beanstalk let's talk a
little bit about what we're going to
cover today I'm going to start with an
introduction for those of you who are
already familiar with Beanstalk I'll go
through this at a reasonably high level
but I don't want to leave anybody behind
I want to make sure we level set
everybody gets a good understanding of
what we do and what were for so we'll
talk about that we'll talk about how you
would use Beanstalk in favor of what I
call DIY in this case when I mean do it
yourself I mean we're still with AWS not
talking about baking your own servers
racking and mounting things so it's
still going to be what Beanstalk does
versus what you could do yourself with
all of the same services within AWS
we'll talk a little bit about how you
get started with Beanstalk that should
be again pretty simple and
straightforward and then I'm going to
turn it over to adhiraj and he's going
to actually show us a working demo of a
somewhat complex but not crazy complex
Beanstalk app and he's going to use that
as a springboard to go through a whole
host of best practices and that actually
is probably gonna be the meat of our
discussion today so why did we make
Beanstalk we really wanted to address
what we saw in the market as a host of
challenges for customers so you can see
that that we believe one of the things
that customers deal with a lot is either
complexity or for those of you who are
feeling kind of a little more
sophisticated have done this lot they're
kind of repetitiveness of deploying code
provisioning and managing infrastructure
every time you want to do something with
a web app the expertise or time again on
that spectrum of how sophisticated you
feel like to actually manage and
configure all of the infrastructure that
goes into hosting a web app how to
actually do auto scaling or manage the
scaling of the infrastructure itself and
then even if you master all of that even
if you've got that all down if you're a
big organization you don't want
to relearn those lessons you don't want
to do it differently for each team
that's going to have to go through these
same steps so consistency across team is
something else that we wanted to address
what is the last Beanstalk for those who
have never seen this before it's we
think of it as the easiest way to deploy
and manage web services of any kind in
AWS that's our goal so it doesn't do
anything magical that you couldn't do
with AWS any other way well maybe it's a
little bit magical but it's it's all
open you can actually figure out
everything that we're doing and extend
it and we'll talk a little bit about
that as we go what do you manage within
AWS Elastic Beanstalk versus doing
this all yourself that top little box is
your code our goal if we do it right is
that at least on an ongoing basis that's
the only piece that you worry about with
Elastic Beanstalk we take care of for
you once you choose what we think of as
kind of a supported platform everything
else that's below that box so we we
handle the HTTP server the app server
the language interpreter if there is one
for that language the OS and then of
course underneath that there's still the
same infrastructure you're used to from
ec2 there's a host all of that stuff is
managed as part of what Beanstalk will
do for you if we zoom out one level from
that there's actually another layer of
kind of management that we do so beyond
just the stack that's running your code
there's a whole host of other
infrastructure pieces that you would
expect to want for any kind of a well
provisioned app so we have a couple
different options as to how will let you
deploy you can either do a single
instance we'll talk about what that
means it's great for kind of dev test
low-cost if you don't want to do a lot
with load balancers or auto scaling and
then we have a more production centric
kind of mode of operating where we'll
offer load balancing options for you
will set up auto scaling for you we do
offer both a web in a worker tier I'll
talk a little bit more about what that
means in a minute and then you can see
kind of this example of some of the
infrastructure we might stand up for you
including all the way through two RDS
databases at the back that doesn't have
to be the way that your infrastructure
looks
actually very flexible you can choose a
lot of very cool like under the covers
kind of configuration things with
something called eb extensions which
I'll only tease you about right now and
let out a rush show you a little bit
more about that later and we even do all
of this through to providing a domain
for you actually give you a cname that's
unique to your app of course if you have
your own most people do when they get to
a production level you can provide that
as well and we'll manage that with it so
what you're going to get from this we
hope is a very easy to start with
process for those of you who just want
to kind of experiment or if you're in
dev test mode are you really are
intimidated by the variety of things
that you can do with AWS this is still
the way that I think is easiest to get
started with our eye on making the
developers as productive and agile as we
possibly can but our goal really is to
be impossible to outgrow we don't want
this to ever be a service that we think
of as the kind of the only the for the
low end of the spectrum that's not our
goal and so to that end we provide you
complete control over your resources
even though we make it easy to get
started you can actually reach into the
way that Beanstalk does management of
infrastructure and again will tease you
a little bit with that later on that
note at the bottom is also important
there's no additional cost for using a
tab us beats doggy that's only the
resources that we're provisioning on
your behalf that you're paying for this
is a service that we provide on top of
that for free so what do people use us
for is you kind of guessed from my
language so far it's mostly a lot of web
applications its websites its API
backends mobile backends but we do have
the support for kind of a worker model a
asynchronous workers and we'll show a
little bit how you choose that in a
minute how do you get started with it
that's a great question that I asked
myself so this is all you need you need
to provide your code and then answer a
few kind of questions you decide exactly
how you want to walk through the process
of standing up your application you pick
a region we're in every public region
Beanstalk is among the very first to
deploy so as the region
grow we hope to always be there near
launch you pick what we call here a
stack type or a container type you can
see the supported platforms on the right
we support Java both in Tomcat mode and
a native just raw Java container Node
PHP, .net with IIS, Python, Ruby and Go and
you'll notice docker nested in the
middle there if you want some kind of
control beyond any of our like very
prescribed stacks you can choose either
a single kind of what we think of as
like a native docker instance where we
we push out a container that just has
support for docker and that's the only
assumption we make everything else you
add to it is up to you or we have
integration with ECS you can actually do
multi container kind of deployments
through a doctor interface all the way
to ECS is the backend you choose whether
you want to do a single instance or
load-balanced auto scaled kind of
environment and again the decision there
is really how what's my trade-off
between cost and speed of deploying this
thing versus stability kind of
reliability that's the thing that you
get with a load balanced auto scaled
environment and then you'll notice i
have an optional RDS piece at the bottom
it's actually pretty easy from our
interface to say as i stand up this
application infrastructure go ahead and
create an RDS database for me as well
that's great if you're doing dev tests
but i want to give you a caveat on that
the life cycle of the RDS database did
you create this way in this example is
tied to the life cycle of that
environment that you're creating so
again great for dev test where you want
to stand up a set of data to test
against and then tear it down when you
throw that version away not great if
that's what you're trying to do for
production data we do have ways
obviously to tie into other production
data environments whether it's RDS
Dynamo pretty much anything that you can
think of behind the scenes we can
actually offer a way to integrate that
into a Beanstalk environment so some
basic terminology that will help you
understand kind of the rest of what we
talked about everything within Elastic
Beanstalk starts with an application and
that's just a generic way of grouping
together a whole host of deployed
versions of a single APP, and when you
create an application the first time you
upload any code to us the first time you
provide us something to deploy
you name it you pick an application
version for that and it doesn't have to
be v1 v2 it could be anything that you
want it to be you can actually name it
based off of a good branch you can do
whatever you want with it and that flows
directly into any number of environments
that you have the cool thing is each
environment and really we don't were not
very opinionated about what you use your
environments for but you can imagine a
typical use cases dev test you know
staging prod something like that each
one of those versions are independently
deployed to each of those environments
and the coolest thing of all is that you
can say okay when this is tested and
proven say integration testing I can
take that exact same deployed
application version by name and move it
into prod you don't re-upload anything
there's no chance to incorporate
untested changes it just moves that one
into another environment for you and I
don't I say move but it doesn't even
have to move it actually be copies you
can have the same environment versions
running our application versions running
multiple environments if you want how do
you deploy them let's take a look
there's a lot of methods you can do it
through our console we have a full web
console as you would expect for NE AWS
service we also have toolkits for
Eclipse and Visual Studio so if you want
to you can do deploys directly from your
IDE and really helpful for fast turn
kind of iterations within dev test cycle
we have obviously support in the AWS SDK
and the AWS CLI so if you want to
automate some of this stuff or if you
have kind of a pipeline that you want to
bake into a eb deploy you certainly can
but we also have our own CLI and the eb CLIs
what i'm going to show you a little
bit of you'll actually see a glimpse of
it a little bit when adhiraj does his
demo as well it's very rich and we're
going to walk through a little bit of
what you get with that in just a second
but any of these things will do the same
kind of work under the covers so again
I've mentioned we'll do a little run
through here of what you can do with the
CLI with our EB CLI including how to
install it very easy to get started you
can also just download it if you want to
you don't have to do a pip install we
assume in this case you're going to
start with some kind of a cloned sample
app but again you know could be your own
code you can start something that you
already had and get or whatever
repository you you'll see on number
three there we're doing Annie be in
it what this does is
like an interactive session of walking
you through all of those decisions I
talked about three or four slides ago so
it says tell me which region you want
name this application tell me whether
it's single instance or if its load
balanced auto scale and once that's all
done once you've walked through those
steps it actually does the deploy for
you when you say eb create you're off
and running and then from that point
let's say you want to iterate on this as
you would you can continually go in a
cycle of updating your code committing
your changes and just it could be as
simple as saying eb deploy and by
default we pull the latest committed
change and we deploy it with the same
name that you've given that commit again
you can override any of this the EB CLIs
very rich I encourage you there's
links at the end of this that will go
into more detail for everything that
we're covering including what entourage
is going to get to later but the EB CLI
offers a lot of additional kind of
command lines which is that you can put
in there to kind of tailor exactly what
you wanted to do we even give you a
shortcut to just hop straight to a
browser session with whatever cname
we've set set aside for that deployed
out so having said that what we're going
to walk through next is the sample app
that shows everything kind of that I've
described that it takes it one step
further and what we're going to do is
talk about how to take the basics of
what EB can do and then tailor it
configure it or customize it a little
bit more so again I mentioned before
this concept called eb extensions that's
a way for us to kind of plumb through
additional AWS resources in a way that
it makes very easy for your code to
consume references to those resources
without having to hard code anything so
you get a glimpse of that when I dheeraj
shows that sample app in this case we're
going to show how to tie you in a DynamoDB,
SNS, and SQS. so we're going well
beyond what the kind of initial sample
app might have done and with that I'll
turn it over to quash
thank you thank you Jeff so to avoid any
network issues I created a video for the
sample app this is essentially a launch
be sign up app which is filled in node
the application let me activate this ok
so the application stores data in so
essentially the customer would come in
and they would given the name and their
email address and it will sign them up
this data would be stored in Amazon
DynamoDB and published notifications to
amp amazon simple notification service
when a customer fills in the form the
sample application is using Express
framework and bootstrap to build the
simple application now let's look at
some of the application components which
this application is using let's give it
a second okay so if you see here this is
the sample application these are all the
subfolders and files in it first thing
to define is the dependencies of an
application user we use standard
dependency frameworks this is a note app
so if you see here you would have the
dependencies you should not it is highly
recommended that you do not use latest
you should hard-code your dependencies
here we are using shrinkwrap.json
which essentially is a dependency
manager file for node applications this
locks down excuse me this locks down the
version of package dependency so that
you can control exactly which version of
a dependencies would be used when a
package is installed so by default npm
recursively installs target dependencies
now let's look at the eb extensions that
Jeff mentioned EB extension is a great
framework which you can use to modify
and customize the applications or
configuration stack configuration files
are YAML format documents with the
.com file extension that you place in
a folder named ebextensionS as you can
see in your application source bundle
two of the most important components of
ebextensions are option settings and
resources now let's look at the option
settings you configure so this helps you
to configure different options in this
case we are configuring two tables one
is startup signup table and
other is the new sign up topic it is
also recommended that you use reference
and avoid hard coding in these files
another section is the resource
configurations I'm defining create
DynamoDB table and create SNS topic so
which is essentially what's going to do
is whenever someone signs up the admin
is going to get an email based on those
notifications in addition to that this
has an eye on policy defined you have to
create an I'm instance profile name i
named it AWS Elastic Beanstalk sample
role with the policy which has been
defined in this file this allows EB to
communicate with DynamoDB and SNS
service on behalf of the customer i'll
be using EB CLI for this so i use DBA
net sorry it was a little quick and when
you do any eb init it will ask for
different options you select the right
region i selected one that is Virginia
and then i selected an application I
wanted to create my own so I created a
sample app one it is going to create a
sample application and it will ask you
for the platform version and if you see
here I'll probably pause it if you look
here we have recently added support for
Code Commit where you can store your
deposit fees and store your code so i
have four repos i'm using
free in it we reinvent so if you see I'm
choosing master for the branch and
the SNS SSH and the key pair so
i choose the repository there i
have the sample application and i give
other information related to branch and
the SSH and they keep their
ok now once this has been done I'm all my
initialization is done so i can now go
ahead and create an application for that
i will use an eb create hopefully it
will come up ok perfect so i'm using any
be create i'm using an instance profile
that we just discussed and and once you
initiate this we will start creating a
lost invincible start creating an
application version with distances
profile giving us the capability of
interacting with DynamoDB and the SNS
if you see it's asked for the default i
choose all the default options for the
cname i use the classic load balancer
and it will start creating the
application for you now just to quickly
get to the end of it i have fast
forwarded it and we have you can see the
application getting deployed on Elastic
Beanstalk through the console if you see
it this is a dashboard the dashboard
would have the status the recent events
the running and the node now and kind of
application that is running and there's
URL if you click on the URL it will take
you to the application that we just
deployed and you can quickly test it and
you can put in the information of the
name and the email address and let's
quickly check what happened here so this
is the DynamoDB table that we created
DynamoDB table name the start of signup
table it has this entry and same would
be for the SNS topic that was created
okay so this was a quick run through our
sample app now I'll cover biggest
section of our presentation which is
referring to the best practices that we
recommend for using Elastic Beanstalk we
have many deployment options and managed
platform updates that was recently
launched we also will touch upon auto
scaling and some reference to load
testing and other smaller tips so we
recently I'll give it a minute for you
to absorb this slide essentially we
provide different options for deploying
your application or your platform
configuration it is based on either you
have a single instance environment or a
load balance and auto scale instance
auto scale environment based on if it is
an application deployment or a block
phone configuration deployment you have
different options if you see immutable
in single instances they have been
recently added in fact last week we
launched immutable deployments for
single incidents and we will discuss
some of these options going forward now
let's discuss all it wants eb deploys
the new version of all instance
simultaneously so all instances in your
environment are out of service for a
short time while the deployment occurs
by default the environment uses all at
once deployment if you create it with a
different client like API SDK or CLI
if you see here the the instances
are getting updated to version v2 and
v2 is successfully deployed and your
application is up and running now let's
discuss about rolling rolling this
essentially deploys the new version in
touches each batch is taken out of
service within these instances during a
deployment phase which reduces your own
arm and capacity to number of instances
in the batch so if you see here so you
can define the batch size by the number
of instances or the percentage so here
let's say it is fifty or two based on
percentage or numbers we deploy we take
these down we deploy v2 to
these two instances and they come up by
default your load balance on auto
scaling environment uses rolling for
application deployment if you create it
with the console or the EB CLI if you
see here then the next two instances
which were not updated they are updated
and it's available so one of the big
because downside of using rolling is
that if you are running traffic on this
application your capacity would be
reduced because you're taking some of
the instances down within the instances
that you have in that environment now
let's talk about rolling with additional
matches which solves some of these
problems drawing deployment with batches
deploys the new version in batches but
first they launch new set of instances
based on the batch sizes that you have to
find if you see here we launched let's
say you have defined as batch size 2 or
fifty percent it will launch two new
instances which are getting deployed
with version two and once they're up the
traffic is routed to them so at this
instance you would have little higher
capacity at that moment once they are up
we bring two of the existing instances
down and bring them up with the new
version of application you bring it up
and once we already have v2s on two
instance or four instances that was the
original batch sizes we take down the
rest of the two instances that already
there so this essentially is the final
look that you update now let's look at
immutable so immutable in immutable of
this essentially even the the issue of
turning down the existing instances is
also taken care of so immutable gives
you new instances altogether in fact it
creates a completely all together a new
auto scaling group it's temporary once
the the instances are up and running
it is the traffic is diverted to the
auto scaling group the new order scaling
group and the previous one is taken down
so with the first instance pass if they
pass so yeah so there are two steps
essentially so first we bring one
instance within the auto scaling group
and once that is successful in our
health checks then we go ahead and add
other instances which essentially
replicates the gear capacity in your
application so during a mutable
environment update the capacity of the
environment doubles for short line when
the instance instances in the new auto
scaling group starts serving requests
and before the region auto scaling group
instances are terminated if your
environment has many instances or
instances with a low on demand limit
ensure that you have enough capacity to
perform the immutable environment update
if you are nearing a limit service limit
consider using rolling update instead
immutable update requires an AS health
reporting to evaluate your health or
your applications health so if like you
see here it will take down the auto
scaling group which was already there
and you haven't completely new artists
getting group the new instances this has
a lot of advantages of over your rolling
and rolling the batches because it take
completely eliminates the possibility of
any issues during deployment if the
deployment doesn't work it can quickly
roll back by taking down the new
instance sorry the new auto scaling
group which was temporary anyway and it
reverts back to the previous auto
scaling now let's look at blue/green so
we have a DNS space blue/green option for
you in case you want to ensure that your
application should not have any downtime
at all this is the best way for doing
but it requires manual steps just
because lasting so performs an in-place
update for for your update your
application versions your application
may become unavailable for users of
short for short time so what we do in
blue green is you have an existing
environment that this auto scaling group
you go ahead this is
but from the console you go ahead and
click on actions do a clone so Elastic
Beanstalk will create a clone
environment for this current and mana
that you have and we'll give it a new
name I mean you have to give a new name
to it so that it can distinguish so once
you have this new cloned environment
available you go ahead and on the new
environment you go ahead and click on
actions and do a swap environment URL
and you would have the screen you can
select which environment you want to
swap in terms of the URL and once you do
that the URLs are swapped so I missed
one thing which i should point here so
you have to manually update this new
environment with the new version the v2
version that you have so once that is
available in the hill Jack surpassed
then you can go ahead and do the swap so
essentially you are not you don't have
any downtime so you swap this and as you
can see the the old URL you can continue
to use and and you have the latest
versions of applications to plant on the
instances so what are the pros? the pros
are fast rolled back because the
previous environment is still running so
if it doesn't work then you can
have the switchback and the cons are
slow because it takes we have to create
a new environment all together so it
takes a little longer and there are
there is a potential of DNS caching by
mobile clients after CNN flops so this
is this slice essentially summarizes
different deployment options application
deployment options if I may emphasize so
some of these are also used for
configuration but we have a brand new
option for you to use application
configuration deployments let's discuss
about these options here if you see in
the column impact on fail deployments
all at once has expected down time
rolling would have downtime but again it
would be it will be based on error
scenarios on rolling with additional
batches it is really minimized it
see if the first patch failed otherwise
it can have issues if the subsequent
batches have issues than it would have
problems up during deployment an
immutable it minimizes your downtime and
blue green has no downtime all together
but I still use minimum because things
can go wrong in terms of the deployment
time as you can see all at once is
the fastest blue/green takes the longest,
rolling and rolling with additional batches
it's essentially based on the
size of your instances and the
development complexity based on that it
will take lesser amount of time in terms
of roll back if you have to roll back if
anything goes wrong in any of these
scenarios most of them most of the
synergies you have to do what redeploy
only in blue green you can essentially
do a swap back of the URL and if you see
all at once rolling it uses existing
instances so the probability of
something going wrong could be higher in
terms of rolling with additional batches
and immutable we use new instances but
immutable it uses all together new
instances blue green again it's a
totally new environment now let's look
at managed platform updates earlier this
year we launched manage part from
updates which is essentially giving you
the ability to configure your
environments to automatically upgrade to
the latest version of a platform during
a scheduled maintenance window so until
brevia slee recently you needed to
initiate a managed update to a bed your
application Elastic Beanstalk
environment to the new version of the
platform so mannish platform updates
gives you the ability to configure you
our environment automatically upgrade to
the latest version some of the key
components to know about this
functionality is that you need still
need the permissions Elastic Beanstalk
needs to initiate a platform update on
your behalf so you use the default
service so so the console adds the
required permissions when you enable
managed updates if you don't use the
default service role you can manually go
ahead and do that maintain is milder so
maintenance windows are sensitive
long Elastic Beanstalk starts to
schedule update during the maintenance
window but the update might not complete
until during that time so this is our
best guess that it would take it
generally takes about 20-25 minutes or
could be less based on the complexity of
your environment but if it taking more
than two hours then there's something
wrong what kind of deployments that we
do you can configure your nonno to
automatically apply patch version
updates or both patch or minor version
updates manage platform updates don't
support major version updates as of yet
which may be introduced later let's look
at some of the key benefits now so we
talked about automated upgrade
this essentially gives you the free hand
to schedule it and forget about it
instead of because we keep on adding new
features updates to the environment of
the configurations so you don't have to
worry about being at the latest versions
with the manage update we ensure that
our application remains in service
during update process there's no
reduction in capacity so because
essentially underneath its using
immutable deployments so this gives you
the complete capacity of your
application so very good for even your
production environments if for any
reason the update isn't successful the
platform is rolled back to the previous
version without impacting the capacity
so one thing which is good about a
manager platform updates is that we
ensure that your your application is
always up and running so even if the
update doesn't happen we roll it back
and to the previous version that you
have so as I discussed there was no this
minimum downtime and the impact on
capacity is also minimized you also have
the flexibility of manually updating so
you have scheduled it but if you realize
that your application has an unscheduled
downtime or you want to update it you
can still do it using manage update and
it also gives you the flexibility of
doing an instance depletion what that
means is when you should you or manage
update you can select an option of
instance replacement
so even if when there is no available
update you can still refresh your
instances essentially have new set of
instances so this gives you a lot of
flexibility in terms of refreshing your
fleet every now and then although some
of the important things I would like to
know that is part of the best practices
you've got to be careful about
coordinating manage updates with
time-based scaling if you're using
time-based scaling the number of
instances are 0 we will talk about time-based
scaling later in the next section so
you've got you have to be a little
careful that manage updates may not work
should not conflict with time-based
scaling in terms of service limits the
manager updates are immutable
deployments so it is recommended not to
shit you manage update for multiple
environments at the same time because
you may end up running into your service
limits especially auto scaling groups
all right I have a small demo for
manager updates it's again a video just
to save time and not to rely on the
network so this is a single instance
environment this is a single license
moment it's if you see the configuration
it says that there is a new version
available so I don't want to go ahead
and do the change I want to schedule it
and I want to automate this process so
you enable manage updates how do you do
that you go ahead and click on
configuration you go to manage updates
enable and you can define a window
starting window and is essentially two
hours so you don't you define the end so
we will start at the start of this
window that you have defined you can
choose it and starting time on a date so
this essentially would start doing it
every week at this time and if you see
there are update level minor a patch
which you can define what kind of
updates you want to actually deploy
automatically and then you have the
option of instance replacement which we
discuss
that even if there is no updates you can
still go ahead and refresh the instances
that you already have or essentially get
a new fleet of instances so I'll go
ahead and apply so this takes few
minutes to configure so if you see it
will at the top it would say Elastic
Beanstalk is updating your environment
and you can look at the so so that's the
benefit of using a video so so you can
see I clicked on the the manage action
is so manage updates have been scheduled
but because it doesn't should do next
week so what I'll do it now is I'll do
an apply now using manage update so it
will still consider that as a managed
update and use underneath immutable
deployment let's do an apply now okay so
just get a confirmation and tells you
about more information if you want to
know and it tells you about from what
platform version to what platform
version we are going to so if you do a
deploy it will go ahead and it takes it
takes few seconds to configure and start
the deployment so it will do the
deployment and if you see you can always
see the recent events at the dashboard
or also there is an event tab now if you
see here the the the configuration has
been updated and if you go to manage
update it will tell you the timestamp
the duration that it took what took
about 14 minutes and the the platform
version to what to what and it was
completed success so this was a
successful video
okay all right now let's talk about auto
scaling so auto scaling is a web service
designed to automatically launch a
dominate ec2 instances in an auto
scaling group based on parameters that
you define this helps you to seamlessly
deal with traffic changes to your
application Elastic Beanstalk supports
auto scaling for load balanced auto
scaling environments if you see at the
start of the tree of the root of the
tree you have few default configuration
elements minimum maximum instances
availability zone scaling cool down so
allows auto scaling works with CloudWatch
to relieve the matrix for the
instances running an application and
also monitor the health of each instance
so the minimum instance counted Maximus
miss Kraus is essentially you define the
size of your auto scaling group so at
what moment of time you want to have
what instances you can control it by an
upper limit and a lower limit to
maintain a fixed number of this is EC2
instance you can also have same
number of minimum and maximum this
ensures that you have a consistent
number of instances but again that's not
auto scaling auto scaling auto scaling
settings can impact rolling updates if
you configure rolling updates and
rolling updates cannot happen if the
minimum number of instances in inservice
for rolling updates is larger than the
maximum size of the auto scaling group
so you must change the value of either
the minimum instance in the serving
service settings of the rolling updates
or the maximum instances then you have
the availability zone so that that lets
you specify the number of availability
zones in which you want Elastic
Beanstalk to larger instances we highly
recommend that you choose multiple
availability zones so that instances can
be launched in another AZ if one zone
becomes unavailable which makes your
application fault tolerant and the scale
scale on scaling cool down specifies how
long the auto scaling will wait
before resuming any scaling activity so
if by the time cool on period elapses
your environment has the appropriate
level of resources to keep the CloudWatch
alarm from continuing to fire the
new instances now let's talk about
trigger based scaling now trigger as a
very name suggests you can define the
triggers for the auto scaling to happen
some of them has been noted here like CPU
utilization network traffic disk
activity or instance health so Amazon so
you can configure these triggers to fire
and ec2 instance or the load balance
matrix and it is pushed to Amazon
CloudWatch and it determines whether
the condition you specified have been
met or not when the upper and the lower
thresholds of the conditions for the the
matrix have been breached for the
specific period of time time the trigger
launches a scaling activity so you can
choose the trigger measurement so
trigger measurement set a setting is
essentially to specify the matrix for
your triggers as we discussed so there
is trigger statistics so trigger
statistics is the minimum maximum sum of
the or the average what you want to use
as a measurement you want to use an
average of the data or the sum or
minimum maximum so my journal period
specifies how frequently the Amazon
CloudWatch might use the matrix for the
trigger default is essentially generally
five minutes then there is breach
duration is the amount of time a matrix
can extend beyond its defined limit
upper and lower breach scale increments
specify how many Amazon EC2 instances to
add or remove when performing a scaling
activity default is 1 and minus 1 you
will notice that there is a dotted line
between time based scaling and the basic
configuration that's because time-based
scaling overrides the
basic configuration settings that
you have for auto scaling so if your
Elastic Beanstalk application has
predictable needs for scaling then you
can use time-based scaling it is not
recommended when you don't you're not
sure about the kind of traffic that your
application is taking if you are very
sure that okay your application is
generally used over the weekend or it's
a test environment where you are sure of
the the kind of scaling needs that you
have time with scaling is a good option
so if you see at the different option
settings that we have we have the course
the name and minimum maximum instances
this essentially overrides the default
configuration that you may have in the
basic auto scaling and that's where it
can also conflict with manage updates
because if the minimum if you define
minimum as zero you can define minimum
as zero that at certain point you can
actually reduce the number of its tezur0
save any money at that moment managed
update will not happen because it needs
instances to be able to
continue so that you need to be able to
understand some of the dependencies
there in addition to that occurrence so
if it is time you need to define the
time frame of the or the starting point
of the time-based scaling you can choose
a one time or a recurrent one time could
be you can define a specific duration of
the of the day month week and from there
on it will do the action one time action
that you defined in the time-based
scaling or you can do a recurring
recurring can be weekly monthly you can
define the regular frequency in the
recurring you can define rectly you can
define it as a cron expression like here
we have it's so 30 8 * * 3 which is
essentially Wednesday at eight thirty
p.m. one not of advice be careful with
time be scaling because it can as a toad
it can it can conflict with other auto
scaling configurations so it is not
recommended to use both
simultaneously unless you are doing some
tests these are some of the other tips
that I have for you you should always
enable log rotation to automatically
plush locks to s3 this saves you the
hassle of looking for logs and you have
a slow location where you can extract
the logs that you want to how you want
to use it so it's also advisable to
understand the available matrix for the
environments and what they mean so that
you can use them wisely like in case of
auto scaling and other CloudWatch
related logs also I recommend using
alarms to automatically monitor critical
matrix and send notifications when the
beta sort of normal operation operating
range so you can always set an email
notification for yourself and also
enable Amazon Route 53 health check and
alarms another important feature is
tagging if you don't know what
tagging is, it essentially is a way of
managing your resources or at least
tracking them you can also track the
usage of those resources in terms of the
number of people that they may be using
that being used by those people or it
could be in terms of the financial
impact that those resources have so you
can use the cost allocated reports to
track the usage for a dubious resources
the reports include both tagging and
untagging resources but they aggregate
cost about you the tags Elastic
Beanstalk recently updated the number of
tags that you can use from 7 to 47,
3 of them are retained by us
which includes environment name and ID
add a little bit of color here so
just to kind of this feel like very
disparate almost random like best
practices when they're presented this
way but I want to give you one example
by like kind of weaving one thread
through everything that auto Rogers is
walk through just to give you a sense of
how these can be interconnect
why it's important to really keep all of
these kinds of things in mind so let's
take the example early on in the sample
app a taraji of showing you that he had
a not best practice kind of a something
to avoid in the first example of how he
was not pinning versions in his note app
and he mentioned correctly don't do this
and he talked a little bit about how
it's better to kind of like bake the
versions in that case he's using
shrinkwrap that there's really
equivalence and other language platforms
to take that example and then now
imagine what happens if you don't do
that when you couple it with some of the
other deployment methodologies that we
looked at in particular if you're doing
manage platform updates so think about
how let's say I'm migrating a minor
version or even a patch of version of
node the node platform should be
relatively safe should be relatively low
impact but I've always said draw the
latest version of all my dependencies
middle of your kind of defined window of
time in the middle of night sometime we
deploy the new version and it pulls
latest versions of dependencies down
you've not tested those combinations and
maybe not surprisingly you actually have
something that breaks you can see why
there would be a problem now think about
how in manage platform update I don't
know if you actually you may be
mentioned this in there but managed
platform allah plates always uses the
immutable deploy technique the one that
we went through that showed creating an
entire second auto scaling group and
making sure that we do kind of almost
like a one box deploy within that auto
scaling group we watch the health of
that run there's a reason we do it that
way and we were the reason we don't even
let you override that in even those
cases we test that one box make sure
that it actually appears to be running
healthfully and the way we do that we
haven't talked too much about our
enhanced health feature but we actually
watch for traffic flowing watch the
return codes that we're resulting from
that so if the app is throwing five
hundreds we're actually going to abandon
any attempts to deploy not only that but
all of your original version is still
running we leave those completely alone
so we actually just tear down that one
box and you're left with kind of the
original capacity in the original
service version
still intact it gives you a sense of
kind of how there's like a connections
between some of these best practices
that may not be a parent right up up
front I'll also mention another one I
don't know if this was in here but you
never ever ever baked state into your
instances is by the way not a beanstalk
best practice is kind of a cloud best
practice if you are doing something with
local file systems if you're counting on
something that exists within instances
that you've deployed you can want to
spend some some serious minutes thinking
about why that is and what you want to
avoid that and we actually put in again
in the manage platform update that you
saw there's a checkbox to allow for
instance refresh and basically on every
scheduled window whether or not there's
a platform update will let you kind of
wipe through the entire set of recorded
instances we're basically offering you a
way to guarantee that you're not
building up state on those instances
again best practice and it actually has
repercussions throughout all of these
things if you're counting on state if
you're counting on variable or if you're
not counting on a fixed version you'll
you might even have problems outside of
managed platform updates let's say you
have an auto scaling event you're going
to pull up the latest versions of
whatever dependencies you might have for
let's say your node app so again a lot
of these best practices kind of you
want to think of as like a your weaving
them throughout your planning of your
architecture it's not I like that one so
I'll do that but I don't care about this
other one so I'm not going to do it not
to say you can't have success if you
don't follow every one of these but you
should at least be considering a lot of
these things as part of the total story
this was actually bring us to the end of
the session d here are some of the key
links which were referred to during the
session which includes the resources for
sample application deployment options
managed updates we did not cover load
testing because its lack of time but I
have some sample links which you can use
for using locust for low testing with
Elastic Beanstalk and some information
without entangled
well I'll say one other thing before we
we finish two we will have these
throughout the week we're going to be at
the expo floor you can find sometimes
odd row sometimes other members of my
team there so if you have questions
certainly stop by the AWS booth there
and ask those questions we have a repeat
of this session Thursday colorstay to a
plug and what else should we mentioned I
guess that's probably good so the
versions of this presentation will be
made available to everybody so you'll be
able to kind of get these links the easy
way click on them instead of try to copy
them all down thanks everybody for
coming really appreciate your time